= Spatio

Usage: ./pry.sh

== About

IT IS HEAVILY WORK IN PROGRESS.

Spatio is about to become a spatial-aware web service for a University Project. More Infos later.

== Setup

You need to have PostGIS installed and a database with postgis extension setup.
Copy config/db.yml.template to config/database.yml and specify your
credentials.

To create create and initialize the database tables type:

  $> rake db:migrate
  $> ruby db/seeds.rb

== Deployment

To run, have ruby 1.9 installed and type:

  $> gem install bundler
  $> bundle install

  # You can set PORTs for the API and the GUI in their
  # respective source files

  # Edit gui.rb and change the api_url setting according to your planned setup

  # Start the API service:
  $> ruby api.rb

  # Start the GUI service
  $> ruby gui.rb


Be aware that if you use RVM you might start the services using if you experience version conflicts:

  bundle exec [program call as given above]

Finally, open the GUI: http://127.0.0.1:4568/ (change port respectively)

---

== License


The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013, The Spatio Project

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
